1.revolve;
Move in a circle on a central axis.
'overhead, the fan revolved slowly.'
1.1. Move in a circular orbit around.
'the earth revolves around the sun.'
1.2. Treat as the most important element.
'their whole lives revolved around the company.'
1.3. Consider (something) repeatedly and from different angels.
'her mind revolved the possibilities.'

2.rack something up;
2.1. Accumulate or archive something, typically a score or amount.
'Japan is racking up record trade surpluses with the United States.'
'Even so, the company has already racked up annual sales of more than $5 million.'
'And when Sligo started to rack up some late scores, these fears again seemed justified.'

3. predilection;
3.1. A preference of special liking for something; a bias in favour of something.
'your predilection for pretty girls.'
'it's just about helping people understand their own predilections.'

4. prone;
4.1. Likely or liable to suffer from, do, or experience something unpleasant or regrettable.
'farmed fish are prone to disease.'
'he was written off by many as too injury-prone.'
'He was an objective conductor, not prone to exaggeration.'

5. max out;
5.1. Exhaust one's options, capacity, or the like by producing or performing to the maximum.
'The weight lifter maxed out at 180 kilograms.'
'The salary for this job maxes out at $90,000.'
'Let's go to the beach and max out.'

6. manifestation;
6.1. An event, action, or object that clearly shows or embodies something abstract or theoretical.
'the first obvious manifestations of global warming.'
6.2. The action or fact of showing something.
'the manifestation of anxiety over disease.'
6.3. A version or incarnation of something or someone.
'the butterfly was one of the many manifestations of the Goddess.'

7. anxiety;
7.1. A feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease about something with an uncertain outcome.
'he felt a surge of anxiety.'
'anxieties about the moral decline of today's youth.'
'If only we could negotiate our differences rather than dwell on the anxieties of difference.'

8. deteriorate;
8.1. Become progressively worse.
'Relations between the countries had deteriorated sharply.'
'His behaviour has steadily deteriorated over the years.'
'There is growing unrest in Hong Kong over deteriorating economic and social conditions.'

9. bracket;
9.1. A category of people or things that are similar or fall between specified limits.
'those in a high income bracket.'
'About 800,000 Irish women fall into that age bracket.'
'Top bracket taxpayers can earn 7% with National Savings.'

10. impromptu;
10.1. Done without being planned or rehearsed.
'an impromptu press conference.'
'he spoke impromptu.'
'This makes us conveniently close enough for impromptu dinner party invitations.'
'Click here to see the pictures from yesterday's impromptu outing to the zoo.'

11. to reach the limit;
11.1. Have high or ambitious aims.
'I keep my feet on the ground, but keep reaching for the stars.'
'I was not reaching for the stars, I just wanted to keep myself financially by acting.'
'Loach's poor may be downtrodden, but given a chance they will still reach for the stars.'

12. accumulate;
12.1. Gather together of acquire an increasing number or quantity of.
'investigators have yet to accumulate enough evidence.'
'Continuing for two years, he accumulated enough money to return to medical school.'
'By then they had accumulated enough weapons to achieve this.'
12.2. Gather; build up.
'the toxin accumulated in their bodies.'
12.3. Gradually gather or acquire (a resulting whole).
'her goal was to accumulate a huge fortune.'
'My understanding of radiation is it accumulates in the body.'
'These toxins accumulate int the fat of fish, the source of fish oil.'

13. worry;
13.1. Feel or cause to feel anxious of troubled about actual or potential problems.
'He worried about his soldier sons in the war.'
'I began to worry whether I had done the right thing.'
'There was no need to worry her.'

14. susceptible;
14.1. Likely or liable to be influenced or harmed by particular thing.
'patients with liver disease may be susceptible to infection.'
'As a susceptible child, I was brainwashed into believing that was true.'
'Yet she agrees they are highly susceptible to peer pressure.'

15. worsen;
15.1. Make or become worse.
'her condition worsened on the flight.'
'arguing actually worsens the problem.'
'During the dry season the condition of the rivers worsens as water levels drop.'

16. liking;
16.1. A feeling of regard or fondness.
'Mrs Parsons had a liking for gin and tonic.'
'He also had a liking for good poetry and recitations.'
'My wife has always had a liking for this unfortunate little girl.'

17. circle;
17.1. A round plane figure whose boundary (the circumference) consists of points equidistant from a fixed point (the centre).
'draw a circle with a compass.'
'We will locate a marker on the circumference of a circle.'
'We can picture all these dualities as points on the circumference of a circle.'

18. sign;
18.1. An object, quality, or event whose presence or occurrence indicates the probable presence or occurrence of something else.
'flowers are often given as a sign of affection.'
'The shops are full, which is a sign that the recession is past its worst.'
'A couple of days after I bought it, I saw the first sign of trouble.'

19. group;
19.1. A number of people or things that are located, gathered, or classed together.
'A group of boys approached.'
'The bulbs should be planted in groups.'
'The extent of this clustering was similar in all four social class groups.'

20. impulsive;
20.1. Acting or done without forethought.
'they'd married as impulsive teenagers.'
'He regretted his impulsive offer.'
'He was impulsive and impatient and wanted things done quickly.'
