I bet I've seen this picture in a magazine.
Yes, I cut this picture out from a magazine.
I bet I've seen this photo in the old album.
Yes, I cut this photo out from the old album.
I bet I've seen this article in the journal.
Yes, I cut this article out from the journal.
I bet I've seen this pattern on the tablecloth.
Yes, I cut this pattern out from the tablecloth.
I bet I've seen this cartoon in the comic book.
Yes, I cut this cartoon out from the comic book.
Sharon considers most people to be terrible drivers.
Ha! But Sharon herself often cuts off other cars.
Herbert considers most people to be terrible drivers.
Ha! But Herbert himself often cuts off other cars.
I consider most people to be terrible drivers.
Ha! But you yourself often cut off other cars.
Ben and Kevin consider most people to be terrible drivers.
Ha! But Ben and Kevin themselves often cut off other cars.
My husband and I consider most people to be terrible drivers.
Ha! But your husband and you yourselves often cut off other cars.
Why does Jim eat everything without salt?
His doctor advised him to cut down on salt because of some health problems.
Why does Larisa drink tea and coffee without sugar?
Her doctor advised her to cut down on sugar because of some health problems.
Why do you eat everything without butter?
My doctor advised me to cut down on butter because of some health problems.
Why do grandpa and grandma order the dishes without meat?
Their doctor advised them to cut down on meat because of some health problems.
Why do you and your husband eat everything without salt?
Our doctor advised us to cut down on salt because of some health problems.
We have to pass by the field. Is Jon tired?
Yes, he is. And he suggests cutting across the field to save time.
We have to pass by the meadow. Are you tired?
Yes, I am. And I suggest cutting across the meadow to save time.
We have to pass by the grove. Is Nina tired?
Yes, she is. And she suggests cutting across the grove to save time.
We have to pass by the forest. Are the Tysons tired?
Yes, they are. And they suggest cutting across the forest to save time.
We have to pass by the field. Are you and Mia tired?
Yes, we are. And we suggest cutting across the field to save time.
Pamela has a new baby and she hardly ever goes out at all.
Yes, having a new baby can cut you off from the rest of the world.
Hector has two jobs and he hardly ever goes out at all.
Yes, having two jobs can cut you off from the rest of the world.
Ann has serious depression and she hardly ever goes out at all.
Yes, having serious depression can cut you off from the rest of the world.
The Temples have little twins and they hardly ever go out at all.
Yes, having little twins can cut you off from the rest of the world.
I have a very sick daughter and I hardly ever go out at all.
Yes, having a very sick daughter can cut you off from the rest of the world.